# Extra resources for NVGT
This is a secondary repository for [NVGT][https://nvgt.gg] intended as an optional submodule to the project's [main repository](https://github.com/samtupy/nvgt), containing various example games, plugins, tests, and other resources that might not fit very well into the main repository.

NVGT's main repository is rather small and contains what we would consider to be the core of the project. That repository contains the documentation, source code, all small tests and even a few sample plugins. It generally contains very few binary artifacts, and thus is pretty light weight and contains just the nessessities required for someone to get up and running with NVGT. Someone does not need to install that many dependencies to build the contents of this repository, and thus any plugins that require extra libraries to function typically do not belong there.

This repository on the other hand contains far fewer restrictions on what may be included. So long as the licensing of any included material is permissive, it is OK if a plugin in this repository pulls in another dependency to build, or if an example game contains some sound files (again keeping in mind licensing restrictions).

Within the plugin/integrated directory, plugins in this repository are still expected to follow the standard shown in nvgt's main repository in regards to the formatting of the plugin directory and the _SConscript files therein. NVGT's main SConstruct file will check for a directory called extra/plugin/integrated during the build, and thus any plugins in that directory will be built along side NVGT.
